God all kinds of liquor left in your
house from the holidays we have cut some
creative ways to get rid of it
mixologist a sly cos ma papalis know
cosmopolis area public national is here
to show us how to make some delicious
cocktails cosmopolis yes yeah you your
make up a name like that you can't no
you can't that sounds like a really good
drink kind of obvious every night you
should have a signature drink okay I
could tell you but then I'd have to kill
you oh no so new year new trends yes
news stories to tell at happy hour so I
thought I'd kick it off with the top
selling vodka from Russia ah
fastest-growing vodka the number one
thing people ask how can I lose weight
and still drink so we thought we'd start
off with one trend that will see this
upcoming year skinny cocktail is that
the number one thing people ask how can
i still drink in this way yes there's no
way the number one so i thought i'd take
a basic drink a cosmopolitan and turn it
into a skinny how did you do that using
a little zero calories sugar so most
people recognize the sugars with stevia
glenda immediate all yeah true the call
that stall that good stuff so a little
bit of cranberry juice now what most
people realize when you see a skinny
drink on a menu it's probably going to
have about 1.25 ounces of alcohol so you
won't get your two ounces but you do get
your little bit of liquor so on this one
you got a little bit of your zero
calorie some cranberry juice and then
your vodka hmmmm still taste the same
table the old style and maintain your
little figure very good no second trend
will see is some sparkling cocktail so
for this one I thought I'd use a
trending flavor hibiscus juice muddled
some fresh lemon some blueberries and
then of course top it with something
different the sparkling cava which is a
sparkling wine from Spain ah so once
again you'll see sparkling everyone
wants a little bubble a little bit of
tickle in their nose because if my jokes
make you lack the bubble slip hahaha
about cats so okay so you've got what is
it prima cava poema cava poema so a
little bit of vodka of course to get
that little kick to it yeah I got your
hibiscus your muddled fruit whoo and a
little bit of effervescence in there I
am liking and then another trend that I
think you'll see or beer cocktails so
for this one but I thought I'd do is
some vodka
a little bit of beer so of course since
TV is so magical every has already
pretty done you are good with it's in a
priest eight I didn't know beer
cocktails were big for 2011 lately so
you're going to pour it in mimma just
take your beer do a little bit of ginger
ale and a good way to do it make sure
you roll your drink roll it yes a little
bit and by roll I mean just put it right
back in the tent so you've got a wee bit
of vodka a wee bit o beer and ginger ale
and I recommend a belgian white that has
such great citrus and orange flavors to
it that it's really going to add to the
lightness of the drink look at so
muddled orange a little bit of cinnamon
Oh your beer your vodka oh my gracious
and I think you'll really see beer
cocktails training especially with so
many concepts getting a unique
handcrafted brief handcrafted breweries
are big aren't there we go mmm-hmm but
you wouldn't be having a big beer
cocktail this earlier yeah not the first
time Oh Republic Nationals mixologist
sly cosmopolis thank you very much
sherry my appreciate beer cocktail is d
delicious we will be right back with
more daytime so don't go anywhere